title: 2025-04-27
published: 2026-08-21 09:02
---

Recess was a bit annoying today. As I was leaving for the rooftop after class, 
Kirin and his group stopped me at the classroom door, telling me to follow them.
We went towards the school gymnasium.

Days like these make me miss Yuto even more. When he was on school, Kirin's trio
did not dare to get close to us. We would come up with plans to have our
payback, and, slowly, Kirin's group gave us peace. 

Without Yuto, I guess they found it appropriate to get their revenge. They put me on a dress and told me to dance and sing that song I once sung when I was
in the choir. I think that was two years ago.

I am not a big fan of my voice, but some teachers say I should take advantage
of it and so I have. In a sense, the performance I am 
giving to Kirin's phone is very similar to the auditions I am used to. If it was
not for the kicks they gave me today. 

Kirin says I am like a girl because I act too soft and I like reading books 
that have flowers on their covers. But after what happened today, I disagree with Kirin, 
because Minori is a girl, and today Minori helped me getting rid of them.

She said she was the daughter of Yasuda, the famous baseball player. If they
did not let me go, she would not invite them to the finale next month 
alongside the rest of the class. Minori's words convinced one of Kirin's 
friends, but the other two still spat on me. 

Then Minori screamed very loudly. She asked for help because "somebody broke
into school" and "they are wearing masks". As people started to peek from 
the windows and other students began walking towards where we were, Kirin
and his group left the scene.

Minori helped me look for my school uniform and take off the dress. If I
remember correctly, it belongs to Kirin's older sister, so I kept it to 
give it back to him tomorrow. 

I thanked Minori for saving me from the trio. She complained about them for 
a few minutes before turning to me and putting her hand on my arm. Minori 
usually is silly when she talks, but today she was very serious.

Minori told me that what she said about her dad was true. She made me 
promise to not judge her because of it. I agreed. Then I thanked her again
for doing something she did not need to do. It was very brave.

Minori said that if her friends are in danger, she will protect them as much
as she can. According to Minori, I would have done the same. Although I 
am not so sure about my own bravery, I nodded. I like the idea of being 
more confident, like Yuto and Minori. 

As we walked back to the classroom, I must have been a bit agitated from the 
relatively bad day I was having, because from the corner of my eye I saw 
one of Minori's eyes turn red. 

I still think it was my imagination, but the visual felt very real. That's why 
I thought it's important to share it on this diary. Girls' eyes do not change color, as far as I know.
