title: 2025-05-05
published: 2026-08-21 09:05
---

Everybody loves baseball but me. If it was not for Minori dragging me out of the classroom this morning, I would have happily ditched PE for my book. I did not know the history of China could be this interesting.

Apparently, Taeko's boyfriend is a good player and wanted us to see him play. Minori was very excited, but she also said nobody will ever be better than Yasuda, not even Kei. 

Minori always grabs me by the wrist when she forces me to do something. I think it is fine, because that is the way she is. But today there were so many guys and girls in the stalls, so it was embarrassing. 

I have also been thinking. Minori's grip is getting stronger. When she drags me anywhere, I usually can put some resistance. This morning I had to put a lot of force to break from her grip.

Taeko saved us some seats. She introduced me to her other friends, as well as to Kei's friends. They all treated me nicely.

When Kei hit the decisive home run, Minori cheered and jumped alongside Taeko. She chanted "Kei!" as did most of the audience. The noise reminded me of my first concert Dad and Mom forced me attend some years ago.

By the time I gained some courage to chant "Kei!", I stood up with a fist on the air. But most people had gone back to their seats. Minori said I became red after that, but I don't believe her.

I told Minori that I would ask Kei to teach me how to play baseball. She asked why on the world would I start learning at my age if I already know that Yasuda is the best player and nobody can reach his might. I admitted that I wanted to learn because she really likes baseball. 

Minori grabbed me by the cheeks and told me she will be responsible for my baseball education, because she is after all the daughter of the great Yasuda, and that Kei knows nothing of the sport. I thanked her, but she didn't have to do it.

Minori raised, and so I did. She shouted that "I will make you one of the greats!" and that if I help her with History and Literature, she will turn me into the "second greatest!"

I laughed even though many students were looking at us weird. 

When I asked how would the training be set up and if she's ever trained anyone before, she waved her hand. Minori invited me to her house. Friday after school, she said.

As we walked back to class with Taeko and her friends, I saw Kirin pass by. He looked tired again. I hope things are not bad for him.




