title: Chapter 1
published: 2026-08-22 09:00
---

Go, Minbo, go! You still have fifteen before they close the gates. Either drop some weight on your journey or pick up the pace, but for the love of the sport and all things volleyball, do not give up on me just yet!

What should you tell the lady at the counter? Well, if that isn't a funny question, I don't know what is, Minbo Park. Maybe tell them you spent the night at a resort? With the national female league at that?

And when you sit down, keep the complaints about forgotten objects to yourself. You know better than anybody how easily lost you get when travelling abroad. Recall the first visit to Halan, what, three or four years ago now? Had there not been that kind soul in the bus stop who spoke Korean, the whole trip would have consisted of konbini ramen. So open that Spanish dictionary and memorize the basics. 23 hours until destination.

Showing off the book to the seat neighbor... that's a good approach, coach Park. Although the chances topped at 50%, due to either your social skills or the failure to consider others' personal space, that woman next to you is happy to support Operation Español. Of course, her recruitment is not synonym with "I wanna meet you at the club when we land" or, whatever chimeras you formulate at the speed of sound. Name is Lucia, yours is Minbo, ages exchanged, she's a journalist, you want an article written about you, great, let's focus on the objective.

Lucia was right about all things Spanish, or so you presume. She speaks the language, after all. But the nickname she used for Lima, "The Grey City", seems hyperbole at best. Wouldn't you agree, Minbo? Actually... It doesn't really matter, does it? Every place, irrespective of size, has a name and a nickname. It's similar to the club back in Incheon that you call "Triple Vodka" instead of "Triple Victory" as it clearly says in neon signs at the front door. Granted, you don't spend more than one night at Triple V., or so it is expected from a professional. This new city is supposed to host you for the next eight years. Some folks would put such places under the category of "Home". Wouldn't you agree, Minbo?

What? Now the unknown scares you? It didn't scare you when you took the mantle of the Olympic team back in Yorea? Or what about your time in the military? That one relationship you had with a woman on a watchlist? Eating peanuts at an Indian restaurant in spite of your allergies? If the coaches from this side of the world called you out of all people, it is because of the talent you display at the court... And because you don't charge that much in comparison to the coaches from Yurob. So away with the bad posture and the sweaty hands, and welcome to another step in your unconventional career. 

The team is understandably young, after all the changes your predecessor Akira made as a coach. The man himself looks beaten by time, that goes without saying, but with the recent track record, you can tell ten years have borne fruit. Handshakes fly across the room, and as you compliment each player, a few daring questions you can't help but dropping are met with discomfort and dismissal. Usually, asking "Who are we taking down first?" is only unprofessional, but in this room, it seems both unprofessional and hard-to-answer. You probably missed it, Minbo, but the first player whom you subjected to your brutal word choices is named Maria, yeah, you already know that, but she also raised a finger and pointed it behind you.

A libero measuring 6 meters is nothing new in the Géante Internationale de Volleybal (GIVB); in fact, that's probably smaller than the norm. You went out with a libero once, didn't you? And she was what, like 5 meters? They are abundant in Yurob and Eisia. But in the South Sanetivan league? We are speaking of la creme de la creme. Your libero barely surpasses you in height. Suffice it to say, there is a long road ahead of the team. So better measure the words you use when speaking to the opposing team, and prevent ruining your reputation from day one. 

We all get upset when called "flat-ass" by a stranger, Minbo. That's not playful banter, per the sportsmanship rulebook you just made up. Even coach Akira agrees. And coach Akira was raised in the 1940s.

You are lucky enough that the team captain laughed at your provocation. Celine is probably just as unprofessional as you are, if the rumors are to be believed. But she is the captain. You are the new coach. And this team is "Las Matadoras".

This time, not even Celine liked your joke. But maybe you are being serious for once. In which case, to be completely honest, that is indeed a terrible name for a team that pretends to join the Olympic podium in the next eight years. Good luck, Minbo Park. 

And good luck to the "Matadoras" too. Don't judge me for your new name.
