title: Chapter 1
published: 2026-08-21 09:00
---

Pebbles I can play with all around. Little tiny rocks that get kicked away and shoot up in a danceful trance before disrupting another refuge of tiny rocks that will in turn have a taste of their own unwarranted set of kicks. At the scales nature has set, there are no questions to pose. Our presence in the ecosystem of each piece of dirt and water is the answer to all inquiries. We do not choose to belong, but rather it is the landscapes of gravel, mist and trees that select us, all while deep down a chime turns into a kell, and a human being becomes a pebble I can play with. There are times when even Liu looks no different than a rock I would stomp, if it wasn't for its name and value. Liu is very much aware of the laws that operate our worlds. And he is not afraid to abide by them.

If I understood correctly, the mansion and all surrounding territories belong to Lady Layla. Although her ruling over this particular planet started only two years ago, she rose to power through sheer strategy involving all the sweet things the biographies of grand names are to include, such as slitting her sister's throat and submerging a baby's head into a lake. But more importantly, the vicissitudes of her ascension include a brief and unconventional alliance with the "One Terra" insurgency, which did not go unnoticed when Liu researched her case. Once he told me of the findings, I gave Layla a call to provide her with our pricing and availability. She just needed to have us check her fridge, and an RG fridge at that, which turned out great, as Liu had just completed the RG Authorization Service training.

Lady Layla was not wearing anything fancy. Probably a sign of her growing confidence. She greeted me and smirked at Liu after I pointed the latter was the RG certified technician and I was just there to supervise him. Unlike the older goddesses, Layla does not seem to despise humans and instead prefers to keep them as a snack or as servants for mundane activities. At least that's what Liu's and my own stalking pulled out. He had insisted on going alone so I could stay with Erick, but considering Layla's reputation as a despot, I forced myself into the trip and scheduled the usual home nurse for two days or so.

Atop the goddess' palm, Liu explained what the problem sounded like, based on the picture attachments and the description Layla had shared with us over chat. While listening, she started playing with Liu's arm. "You remind me of what I had a few years back", she said in between her humming. "It tasted like a berry, with all the lotion and conditioner." Liu laughed with her and assured her that he tasted better than berries, and that I could attest to that. I waved my hands on instinct, but managed to get a nervous chuckle in as well. When Liu puts on the girlfriend-boyfriend act, I get irritated. Even if Liu was straight, he would not in a million years be my type. Whatever Erick saw on him is beyond my comprehension.

Before leaving us to work, Layla offered me a water cup and brought out a condiment cup so that I could serve Liu in case he was thirsty. She then asked whether Liu preferred a refresher directly from her mouth. Layla must have been feeling pretty playful this morning, because she even extended her tongue. I wonder how tasteful that human she links to Liu was. None of the snacks I have had ever left me with a lasting memory, let alone a semblance of sweet tooth. I am sure Liu would taste like nettles and greens. Yuck. But Layla doesn't need to know that, as Liu goes for flattery, which most folks enjoy when hearing his wannabe-sultry tone. Who else deserves all of this? The hardships one would never fathom, you and nobody else has withstood. All this softness and warmth make up your character that more mesmerizing. Truly the rightful goddess for this land. Stuff of the sort.

Only when Layla's footsteps are distinguishable through significant effort, Liu tells me to install the recording device. I was still pissed about his decision to pull the girlfriend-boyfriend trick unannounced, so I ordered him to first kiss one of my fingers for forgiveness. Liu seemed to oblige, but then upon contact, he bit me. I laughed at the provocation and grabbed him by his leg. "Let's get to work, dude", I suggested.

The preliminary diagnostic Liu had made was almost in line with the actual issues the fridge was having. Given that slightly off does not mean accurate, "your prediction was wrong, it's going to be 50 silvers", I was fast at appending to his explanation. He was about to claim ignorance, but I put the phone screen in front of him, making it clear that the spying device was put in place.

I walked to the staircase to call Lady Layla down. Some unrequited 'Excuse me!'s later, I texted her. A few minutes of unread notifications passed, so I called her. Two voicemails were reached, and I told Liu I was going to grab her from upstairs. The mansion was huge, so I mentally prepared myself to get lost, while also thinking of reasons I could use to bump up the labor fees.

Unlike the tidy layout of the first floor, the upstairs hallways were ornamented with spider webs and smears of human blood. And in spite of the little people's remains scattered here or there, a peach fragrance coming from air fresheners put on multiple outlets prevailed. Lady Layla may be more unkempt and lazier than older goddesses, but these air fresheners could not have been put by someone other than the recently self-elected deity. As I approached the only illuminated room, I thought of ways of asking her for the air freshener brand without sounding too invested or adoring. Or unprofessional.

It is still beyond me why Lady Layla would buy the previous goddess' home as is, just to renovate the kitchen and shared living spaces. These doors screech instead of creaking, even though I knocked this one with all soft femininity and flowery prowess I had in store. Lady Layla didn't strike as a "let's fix cars and then eat one of those mutated rabbits humans know how to make" type of god, so I prefer to keep it all within... But that could be a simple mischaracterization on my part. I knocked three times, yet her humming inside the room remained oblivious. Whatever it takes to get back home faster and eat some rabbit, I thought, as I opened the door.

Lady Layla has a chest I would pay money for. Her breasts just hang down with grace, and they do not seem to require all the steel and expensive minerals my bras demand. And they are probably gentler to the touch as well, or at least that's what her two playthings give away in their faces. They noticed me as soon as I opened the door, and hugged their respective nipples with the memorable brio all humans who have disconnected from the species have in common. If there were goddesses a giant like myself could serve in a manner akin to that of humans serving creatures like Lady Layla... Oh, such would be the life. But no goddess grows taller after certain age, I lament. I then cough in an attempt to make myself be known to this exposed woman who just so happens to enjoy herself with pop blasting from her headset. A gamer headset, I say between my teeth.

As a third servant pounds hard on Lady Layla's flesh, and she disconnects from her trance, and she starts moving her eyes towards me, I set my performance in action. Gasp as if grasped by the utmost of horrors. Elevate a hand in between the subject of indecency and yourself. Turn your hips and torso as if you were twisting the cleaning pad of a mop. Half shield your face with another open palm. Oh, my, Lady Layla, I am so very sorry, it was never my intention. And Lady Layla will cover her breasts, pushing to the precipice a few unrealized snacks, and she will make a high-pitched noise, followed by the excuses of a prude such as... The ones that Layla is not uttering, but most likely hiding behind that timid yet enthused smile of hers. I would really like to ask her what does it feel to have such a perfect chest.

Truly, I don't want my throat to end like her sister's, but she leaves me little option outside of staring at her tits, even when turning my head. Lady Layla said something about the location of her manners and how come a cutie like myself and her boyfriend just suddenly decide to take on a manual and ugly trade as it is that of repairing appliances, all while being irresistible. It may be my brain complimenting myself to boost the self-esteem that my therapist always talks about, but if there was an ounce of a nice word my way, I held it tight, and finally caved in to shift my gaze towards Lady Layla's softness. Then the goddess asked me if I liked what I was seeing, and I said "um-hum", and she giggled, and I just forced myself to picture Lady Layla drowning a baby in a lake. She let me go, in figurative speech, by offering a snack.

I turned my back as she changed clothes. The plaything must have screamed something that went below my head. I just felt my face fighting the color red. All the while, Lady Layla was praising the teamwork of L&M Repairs. When she said, "Ok, Magaly, I am ready," I wanted to melt. 

Back on the kitchen, Liu jumps atop Lady Layla's palm to explain that we would need a few extra parts, nothing too expensive, and that they would ship to our shop in at most three days, so what about scheduling the last visit for next week. There is something about seeing Liu being treated with kindness that obliterates any cutesy lingering on my body. Lady Layla patting one of her servants? That would be a sight to rail me up. Lady Layla tapping Liu's hairline as if she was pressing a touch screen with small buttons? That is dull; unattractive, even. Lady Layla is nodding at each new instruction provided by Liu.

Lady Layla then wonders whether we have a more direct point of contact, because she is no expert with the social media and all that technology. I thought of her gamer equipment in the room upstairs. I subsequently thought of Lady Layla opening her sister's throat. Liu laughed at the proposal, but just as quickly as he left a laugh, he punched his number on the goddess' phone. When the question repeated itself, this time directed at me, I smiled from ear to ear.

Walking back to our ship, Liu went off on the part two of our espionage mission in the hopes of finding a new clue on the location of One Terra's leadership. I tried to focus for at least five seconds, before reverting to the ping pong match of thoughts I was having. Maybe I could fly to the purple planet and get me some grilled rabbit this very evening. Maybe if I asked Lady Layla, casually as I am expert at, what her recommendations for home decor are, she would open up and give me more than a snack the upcoming week. Silly, minuscule Liu interrupted me with an incrimination: "You like that Lady Layla, uh?"

Now only coughing and laughing in my grip, I kept on ignoring Liu. Lady Layla was a hottie, what could I do? Liu laughed even harder.

